I have to pee, but I don't look in the mirror. It's gonna fuck me up. I went looked in the mirror It wasn't great. Yeah. Yeah, we got a look at that all day. There's a small dick when you pee on Yes Gillis this pod's finally cooking baby. I mean you're doodling. He's writing hostage notes He thought fucking psychedelics was a good idea for this podcast I said no, I saw your hat. I was like wait what? Sure, right size jar You did say no good times though I had a good time mark's fucked up. He's fucked up. He's a weird fucking guy I didn't know how weird he was until I saw that stack of notes. I'm re-evaluating our friendship Fucking fucked up thing to see while you're high too. It's amazing. It's amazing. It's well, that's why he's so funny It's also like that style of jokes. He has on stage. Yeah, like he's off stage. It's mine still just going to this But I mean One thing you have to admit you gotta admit You you gotta admit that stack of notes it's like that's dedication. Oh, yeah, he's a real dedication That's a crazy stuff. It's crazy the way he organizes it Yeah, but what the what he's writing down like that that amount of focus non-stop. He loves. Yeah, he loves it And he's he's great why he's so funny, man. It's why he's one of the best. Yeah Yeah, he was struggling over like for that half hour. He's like giving netflix I don't know and then at some point he was everyone's like you'll just write a new hour in like six months He goes. Oh, yeah, you're right. Yeah It's so fast. Yeah, he's an animal non-stop, but seeing that thing i'm like, dude, you're gonna be walking real fucked up when you get old You can't sit on your ass like that with like one lump over here and one lump over there Oh, but the ball it bounces it out Just fucking get a fanny pack pussy look just like this They sell them everywhere. No, I disagree with that definitely don't get that just there's another answer Are you wearing fanny packs? Because I don't give a fuck. That's where I keep my keys You should care somewhat. What about your pocket? What about your front pocket for your keys? That's where the weed and the fear factor money goes Still laying them down No, man, I like fanny packs because I don't like shit in my pockets I hate it stabs you when you have to move fast if you want to like go up a Flight of stairs and then you got this fucking chapstick in your fucking pants. I watch this rubbing against you Walk down an escalator He tried to walk on it He's halfway up I watched him the whole way I was like no way he's gonna do this such a douchebag move For all the people that are coming up. They're like, what the fuck? Like you're barely getting through the river. Yeah Yeah, it was bad it was at the lounge too with a nice lounge You're going up the oh my god, it was I was trying to go down we were going down he went down the escalator going up and he like I just yeah Nobody does that it was bad, uh, you know, we make mistakes, you know Take that fucking knot out of your pocket, please Yeah, just do me a favor get a backpack get something manly get something that you can live with manly What's more manly than live with pain, baby? You're gonna you're gonna fuck your back up i'm telling you all right and once you do it's not good backs are real bad And doctors want to fuse them trust me i'll take the percocet They want to replace discs You want to avoid that if you can? If you can hear me now, yeah, yeah, you gotta listen to me. Let's go back to the funny stories. Yeah, but You can't be fucking sitting on a giant five. It's very we were saying it's like it's an amazing like testament to your dedication We're like it's pretty dope, uh, it's kind of inspiring let's go back to the Papers like that. That's a lot of writing. That's actually like yeah, it's old very old stuff. Don't be humble That's all good stuff. It's great. That's pile of stage shit. You're a psycho You're a full-on joke writing psycho. You are dude. That's wild. I just don't I love you You just miss all of them 90 of your shits Sometimes you're on the walk home you left normandy just like oh, yeah, I see what he said So, dude, it took me like a week and a half to figure out what your six million meant You're like believing yourself. That's my dude. You can make it you can get there. That's funny. I'm giving him a pep talk I'm, like i'm telling you eight million's real Always back to the holocaust So many complaints I was watching uh, I watched that fucking I might have talked about this before Uh the devil next door that guy that was I was high enough that it was very very funny. Is that a doctor? Like he was just an ohio factory worker and somebody was like, aren't you that ss card? He was like what? Oh my god Who's this fucking ivan the terrible? Who's this equally old person? Really He didn't go to argentina, he went somewhere else Oh, how did he know the the look of a nazi guy? No, no, he was there Survivor was like wait, wait, I know this guy Whoa, that was a tough question Here's the thing. I was watching him for the first time. It's very it's obviously it's extremely dark, but it was funny just Yeah, if you imagine that he is just a factory worker, that's just like what? Yeah, they're like no you're that guy's like what if he's like? Yeah, what if he's not that I think he might be what if he's one of those guys that looks like drake Yeah, yeah, that's it, right? There's a lot of people that look like celebs a guy that like looks like tom selleck It's real close to tom selleck impersonator, right? There's guys like you're 80 and you're like that is him You're right. And as you're getting older your face looks Fucking plain to jerusalem where they're gonna hang you I'm telling you what a snitch but yeah, that's not how he responded and every single thing in the jury. They're like are you him? He's like What he was just like no Last night. Yes. Yeah, just because nobody if it was you on trial for were you the fucking Ss officer at treblinky you'd be like fuck. No, you think by the end he'd be like, yeah, it was me. Fuck you guys It was yeah